# Savaged by Systemd ## an Erotic Unix Encounter

*Were nights of wild sex worth fighting software failures every other moment?*

Acknowledgments I make it a point to thank all of my early readers.  In this
case, they've all made it overwhelmingly clear that the best way I can thank
them is to never mention their names again.  So: you know who you are. Thank
you.

Savaged by Systemd I'd stayed after work Friday to finish cleaning up the awful
mess that was the computer room. How could a staff of twenty create so much
crap? It didn't matter how much I ranted and raved at the boss. Every time
someone had dead equipment or something that they thought they might need next
year or just a really solid cardboard Amazon Prime box, they dumped it in the
computer room.  Late Friday night, and I’m in the computer room.  Yes, I’m the
most stereotypical forty-something computer nerd you’ll ever meet. I have the
shaggy unkempt hair, the flabby muscles, and the decrepit wardrobe to prove it.
But still, the computer room was my space. I took deep pride in how well
everything ran, and wanted to keep the meatspace as tidy as I kept the operating
system installs. When people dumped their busted trash here, it pissed me off.
Maybe I should go into the sales staff’s cubicle farm and dump something I
didn't want to look at any more. Like my social calendar.

Systemd’s soft hands slid down to the bottom of the Red Hat T-shirt. The long,
strong fingers teased themselves beneath the shirt.  Systemd tugged just enough
to expose an inch of gorgeous bare code.  I didn't just groan. I gasped. My foot
involuntarily twitched forward.  “No, Terry,” Systemd said. “Stay there. I want
to show myself to you.” I was paralyzed. I’d used up all my free will in
surrendering. Now, all I could do was stare. I’d never watched a vendor T-shirt
with such fascination before, and with every inch Systemd exposed my blood
burned hotter.
